whatever
hello YouTube is just a farm for
bushcraft Island I'm going to show you
some more and a bit more in detail the
martini full-tang knife especially also
the sheet as I as was requested so it's
a leather sheet there's a retention
strap to keep the knife in place it
doesn't come all the way out it's inside
this but it's real snug you won't be
able to use a knife so you have to undo
the buckle the snap to take the knife
out what's strange about this knife is
the dangle system it's mounted on the
back of the sheet so it will be on your
belt with this loop and it will hang
about like this there's nothing wrong
there it's just a bit different I
haven't seen in use is it easy to mount
it any other way I'll actually knows how
it does it does limit your your
possibilities to carry a knife to the
original system is that a big problem
I don't think so so it's a little sheet
and do the retention strap and take out
knife now as you can see inside well
this may may be very difficult to see
but there's a softer inner shell now a
softer plastic inner shell so it's the
knife blade itself is very very well
protected that fits like a glove as they
stated
okay the knife full-tang design but also
it's more like an integral knife the
handle itself are just in lace so it's
basically one piece of metal with two
small pieces of in life for handle it's
a very sturdy design I don't know if the
knife itself is very sturdy I haven't
tried it this one's in my collection
because I just like the knife and I
don't have too much use for it in in the
field I do have other knives but I do
like the design and the fact that it's a
integral build so it says martini
stainless steel it's made in Finland so
it's not a nice knife Trier if it's by
the way so it will be sturdy and as I
mentioned earlier one of the pros about
this construction this integral
destruction is if you are returning with
it you hit here you eat here but you can
also hit here there's no plastic to mess
up so it's just entirely metal on the
top part of the knife as I said a bit
strange dangle system but a very secure
and safe sheet yeah I think it's a nice
package ok the martini full-tang knife
take care of buddy all right
whatever